docs/commands.md, before:

# List of commands

You have the choice of either typing one of the following command in a text channel, or saying "Senko" followed by the
command name and arguments in a voice channel where the bot is present.

## Autojoin module

- `!autojoin enable <channel>` Enables automatically joining a voice channel when it's in use.
- `!autojoin disable` Disables automatically joining. 

## Core module

- `!say <text>` Say something in the current voice channel.
- `!voice join <channel>` Join a voice channel by name.
- `!voice leave` Leave current voice channel.
- `!help` Links to this page.
- `!quit` Gracefully terminate.

## Dectalk module

- `!dectalk <text>` See [dectalk](https://github.com/nitrix/dectalk) for the correct syntax.

## Deejay

This module is clever enough to normalize the audio of songs.

- `!play <what>` Plays the audio of a youtube video from the given url or search term.
- `!stop` Stops playing what is currently playing.

## Eggplant module
- `!eggplant {enable,disable} <user>` Enables or disable the eggplant prank for a given user.

## Jarvis module

Turns the voice commands into text commands.

Commit message:

Adding alias and smart modules.

docs/commands.md, after:

# List of commands

You have the choice of either typing one of the following command in a text channel, or saying "Senko" followed by the
command name and arguments in a voice channel where the bot is present.

## Alias module

- `!alias add <name> <replacement>` Replaces the alias name by the replacement.
- `!alias remove <name>` Removes an alias by name.
- `!alias list` Lists all the aliases.
 
## Autojoin module

- `!autojoin enable <channel>` Enables automatically joining a voice channel when it's in use.
- `!autojoin disable` Disables automatically joining.

## Core module

- `!say <text>` Say something in the current voice channel.
- `!voice join <channel>` Join a voice channel by name.
- `!voice leave` Leave current voice channel.
- `!help` Links to this page.
- `!quit` Gracefully terminate.

## Dectalk module

- `!dectalk <text>` See [dectalk](https://github.com/nitrix/dectalk) for the correct syntax.

## Deejay

This module is clever enough to normalize the audio of songs.

- `!play <what>` Plays the audio of a youtube video from the given url or search term.
- `!stop` Stops playing what is currently playing.

## Eggplant module
- `!eggplant {enable,disable} <user>` Enables or disable the eggplant prank for a given user.

## Jarvis module

Turns the voice commands into text commands.

## Smart module

- `!{who,what,where,when,why,how} <something>` Ask questions.
